rfsf/Redfish/SoftwareInventory.v1_4_0.json:
  Actions: model
  MeasurementBlock: model
  OemActions: model
  SoftwareInventory: model
rfsf/Redfish/CertificateCollection.json:
  CertificateCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ExternalAccountProvider.v1_2_0.json:
  AccountProviderTypes: enum
  Actions: model
  Authentication: model
  AuthenticationTypes: enum
  ExternalAccountProvider: model
  LDAPSearchSettings: model
  LDAPService: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  RoleMapping: model
  TACACSplusPasswordExchangeProtocol: enum
  TACACSplusService: model
rfsf/Redfish/Job.v1_0_7.json:
  Actions: model
  Job: model
  JobState: enum
  OemActions: model
  Payload: model
rfsf/Redfish/TaskCollection.json:
  TaskCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ThermalMetrics.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  ResetMetrics: model
  TemperatureSummary: model
  ThermalMetrics: model
rfsf/Redfish/Sensor.v1_3_0.json:
  Actions: model
  ImplementationType: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  ReadingType: enum
  ResetMetrics: model
  Sensor: model
  SensorArrayExcerpt: model
  SensorCurrentExcerpt: model
  SensorEnergykWhExcerpt: model
  SensorExcerpt: model
  SensorFanArrayExcerpt: model
  SensorFanExcerpt: model
  SensorPowerArrayExcerpt: model
  SensorPowerExcerpt: model
  SensorVoltageExcerpt: model
  Threshold: model
  ThresholdActivation: enum
  Thresholds: model
rfsf/Redfish/VLanNetworkInterface.v1_2_0.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  VLAN: model
  VLANId: model
  VLANPriority: model
  VLanNetworkInterface: model
rfsf/Redfish/FacilityCollection.json:
  FacilityCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ProcessorMetrics.v1_2_1.json:
  Actions: model
  CStateResidency: model
  CacheMetrics: model
  CacheMetricsTotal: model
  ClearCurrentPeriod: model
  CoreMetrics: model
  CurrentPeriod: model
  LifeTime: model
  OemActions: model
  ProcessorMetrics: model
rfsf/Redfish/JobCollection.json:
  JobCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/OutletCollection.json:
  OutletCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Task.v1_5_1.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  Payload: model
  Task: model
  TaskState: enum
rfsf/Redfish/TelemetryService.v1_3_1.json:
  Actions: model
  ClearMetricReports: model
  CollectionFunction: enum
  MetricValue: model
  OemActions: model
  ResetMetricReportDefinitionsToDefaults: model
  ResetTriggersToDefaults: model
  SubmitTestMetricReport: model
  TelemetryService: model
rfsf/Redfish/SessionCollection.json:
  SessionCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Endpoint.v1_6_0.json:
  Actions: model
  ConnectedEntity: model
  Endpoint: model
  EntityRole: enum
  EntityType: enum
  GCID: model
  GenZ: model
  IPTransportDetails: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  PciId: model
rfsf/Redfish/ComputerSystem.v1_9_6.json:
  Actions: model
  AddResourceBlock: model
  Boot: model
  BootOrderTypes: enum
  BootSourceOverrideEnabled: enum
  BootSourceOverrideMode: enum
  ComputerSystem: model
  HostedServices: model
  HostingRole: enum
  IndicatorLED: enum
  InterfaceType: enum
  InterfaceTypeSelection: enum
  Links: model
  MemoryMirroring: enum
  MemorySummary: model
  OemActions: model
  PowerRestorePolicyTypes: enum
  PowerState: enum
  ProcessorSummary: model
  RemoveResourceBlock: model
  Reset: model
  SetDefaultBootOrder: model
  SystemType: enum
  TrustedModules: model
  WatchdogTimeoutActions: enum
  WatchdogTimer: model
  WatchdogWarningActions: enum
rfsf/Redfish/StorageController.v1_2_0.json:
  ANAAccessState: enum
  ANACharacteristics: model
  Actions: model
  CacheSummary: model
  Links: model
  NVMeControllerAttributes: model
  NVMeControllerProperties: model
  NVMeControllerType: enum
  NVMeSMARTCriticalWarnings: model
  OemActions: model
  Rates: model
  StorageController: model
rfsf/Redfish/ServiceRoot.v1_9_0.json:
  DeepOperations: model
  Expand: model
  Links: model
  ProtocolFeaturesSupported: model
  ServiceRoot: model
rfsf/Redfish/ResourceBlockCollection.json:
  ResourceBlockCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ManagerAccount.v1_8_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  ManagerAccount: model
  OemActions: model
  SNMPAuthenticationProtocols: enum
  SNMPEncryptionProtocols: enum
  SNMPUserInfo: model
rfsf/Redfish/PowerSupplyMetrics.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  CurrentSensors: model
  OemActions: model
  PowerSensors: model
  PowerSupplyMetrics: model
  ResetMetrics: model
  VoltageSensors: model
rfsf/Redfish/SimpleStorageCollection.json:
  SimpleStorageCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/TriggersCollection.json:
  TriggersCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/LogServiceCollection.json:
  LogServiceCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Chassis.v1_9_6.json:
  Actions: model
  Chassis: model
  ChassisType: enum
  EnvironmentalClass: enum
  IndicatorLED: enum
  IntrusionSensor: enum
  IntrusionSensorReArm: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  PhysicalSecurity: model
  PowerState: enum
  Reset: model
rfsf/Redfish/FabricCollection.json:
  FabricCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/AttributeRegistry.v1_3_6.json:
  Actions: model
  AttributeRegistry: model
  AttributeType: enum
  AttributeValue: model
  Attributes: model
  Dependencies: model
  Dependency: model
  DependencyType: enum
  MapFrom: model
  MapFromCondition: enum
  MapFromProperty: enum
  MapTerms: enum
  MapToProperty: enum
  Menus: model
  OemActions: model
  RegistryEntries: model
  SupportedSystems: model
rfsf/Redfish/AggregationSource.v1_1_0.json:
  Actions: model
  AggregationSource: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  SNMPAuthenticationProtocols: enum
  SNMPEncryptionProtocols: enum
  SNMPSettings: model
rfsf/Redfish/Outlet.v1_1_1.json:
  Actions: model
  CurrentSensors: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  Outlet: model
  PowerControl: model
  ResetMetrics: model
  VoltageSensors: model
  VoltageType: enum
rfsf/Redfish/SignatureCollection.json:
  SignatureCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/SecureBootDatabaseCollection.json:
  SecureBootDatabaseCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/EventDestinationCollection.json:
  EventDestinationCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/AddressPoolCollection.json:
  AddressPoolCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Fabric.v1_2_2.json:
  Actions: model
  Fabric: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/PowerDistributionCollection.json:
  PowerDistributionCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/SerialInterfaceCollection.json:
  SerialInterfaceCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/PowerDistribution.v1_0_3.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  PowerDistribution: model
  PowerEquipmentType: enum
  TransferConfiguration: model
  TransferControl: model
  TransferCriteria: model
  TransferSensitivityType: enum
rfsf/Redfish/ConnectionCollection.json:
  ConnectionCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Message.v1_1_2.json:
  Message: model
rfsf/Redfish/CompositionReservationCollection.json:
  CompositionReservationCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Assembly.v1_3_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Assembly: model
  AssemblyData: model
  AssemblyDataActions: model
  AssemblyDataOemActions: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/PCIeFunctionCollection.json:
  PCIeFunctionCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/BootOption.v1_0_4.json:
  Actions: model
  BootOption: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/TaskService.v1_2_0.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  OverWritePolicy: enum
  TaskService: model
rfsf/Redfish/CollectionCapabilities.v1_3_0.json:
  Capability: model
  CollectionCapabilities: collection
  Links: model
  UseCase: enum
rfsf/Redfish/PhysicalContext.v1_3_0.json:
  PhysicalContext: enum
rfsf/Redfish/PowerSupplyCollection.json:
  PowerSupplyCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Triggers.v1_1_4.json:
  Actions: model
  DirectionOfCrossingEnum: enum
  DiscreteTrigger: model
  DiscreteTriggerConditionEnum: enum
  Links: model
  MetricTypeEnum: enum
  OemActions: model
  Threshold: model
  ThresholdActivation: enum
  Thresholds: model
  TriggerActionEnum: enum
  Triggers: model
  Wildcard: model
rfsf/Redfish/Event.v1_6_1.json:
  Actions: model
  Event: model
  EventRecord: model
  EventRecordActions: model
  EventRecordOemActions: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/SimpleStorage.v1_3_1.json:
  Actions: model
  Device: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  SimpleStorage: model
rfsf/Redfish/PowerDomain.v1_0_1.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  PowerDomain: model
rfsf/Redfish/CertificateService.v1_0_4.json:
  Actions: model
  CertificateService: model
  GenerateCSR: model
  GenerateCSRResponse: model
  OemActions: model
  ReplaceCertificate: model
rfsf/Redfish/MemoryChunks.v1_4_1.json:
  Actions: model
  AddressRangeType: enum
  InterleaveSet: model
  Links: model
  MemoryChunks: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/ProcessorCollection.json:
  ProcessorCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/CircuitCollection.json:
  CircuitCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/OperatingConfig.v1_0_2.json:
  Actions: model
  BaseSpeedPrioritySettings: model
  OemActions: model
  OperatingConfig: model
  TurboProfileDatapoint: model
rfsf/Redfish/FanCollection.json:
  FanCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Bios.v1_2_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Attributes: model
  Bios: model
  ChangePassword: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  ResetBios: model
rfsf/Redfish/Manager.v1_9_3.json:
  Actions: model
  CommandConnectTypesSupported: enum
  CommandShell: model
  ForceFailover: model
  GraphicalConnectTypesSupported: enum
  GraphicalConsole: model
  Links: model
  Manager: model
  ManagerService: model
  ManagerType: enum
  ModifyRedundancySet: model
  OemActions: model
  Reset: model
  ResetToDefaults: model
  ResetToDefaultsType: enum
  SerialConnectTypesSupported: enum
  SerialConsole: model
rfsf/Redfish/FabricAdapter.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  FabricAdapter: model
  GenZ: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/AggregateCollection.json:
  AggregateCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ManagerCollection.json:
  ManagerCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkPort.v1_4_1.json:
  Actions: model
  FlowControl: enum
  LinkNetworkTechnology: enum
  LinkStatus: enum
  NetDevFuncMaxBWAlloc: model
  NetDevFuncMinBWAlloc: model
  NetworkPort: model
  OemActions: model
  PortConnectionType: enum
  SupportedEthernetCapabilities: enum
  SupportedLinkCapabilities: model
rfsf/Redfish/Privileges.v1_0_5.json:
rfsf/Redfish/ExternalAccountProviderCollection.json:
  ExternalAccountProviderCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/SessionService.v1_1_8.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  SessionService: model
rfsf/Redfish/Power.v1_7_1.json:
  Actions: model
  InputRange: model
  InputType: enum
  LineInputVoltageType: enum
  OemActions: model
  Power: model
  PowerControl: model
  PowerControlActions: model
  PowerControlOemActions: model
  PowerLimit: model
  PowerLimitException: enum
  PowerMetric: model
  PowerSupply: model
  PowerSupplyActions: model
  PowerSupplyOemActions: model
  PowerSupplyReset: model
  PowerSupplyType: enum
  Voltage: model
  VoltageActions: model
  VoltageOemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/AccelerationFunction.v1_0_3.json:
  AccelerationFunction: model
  AccelerationFunctionType: enum
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/MemoryChunksCollection.json:
  MemoryChunksCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/SecureBootDatabase.v1_0_1.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  ResetKeys: model
  ResetKeysType: enum
  SecureBootDatabase: model
rfsf/Redfish/RouteEntryCollection.json:
  RouteEntryCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/MediaController.v1_2_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  MediaController: model
  MediaControllerType: enum
  OemActions: model
  Reset: model
rfsf/Redfish/PowerSupply.v1_1_0.json:
  Actions: model
  EfficiencyRating: model
  InputRange: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  OutputRail: model
  PowerSupply: model
  PowerSupplyType: enum
  Reset: model
rfsf/Redfish/AggregationSourceCollection.json:
  AggregationSourceCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Session.v1_3_0.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  Session: model
  SessionTypes: enum
rfsf/Redfish/PowerDomainCollection.json:
  PowerDomainCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Switch.v1_6_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  Reset: model
  Switch: model
rfsf/Redfish/MessageRegistryCollection.json:
  MessageRegistryCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/RoleCollection.json:
  RoleCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkDeviceFunction.v1_6_0.json:
  Actions: model
  AuthenticationMethod: enum
  BootMode: enum
  BootTargets: model
  Ethernet: model
  FibreChannel: model
  IPAddressType: enum
  InfiniBand: model
  Links: model
  NetworkDeviceFunction: model
  NetworkDeviceTechnology: enum
  OemActions: model
  WWNSource: enum
  iSCSIBoot: model
rfsf/Redfish/Facility.v1_1_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Facility: model
  FacilityType: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/Schedule.v1_2_2.json:
  DayOfWeek: enum
  MonthOfYear: enum
  Schedule: model
rfsf/Redfish/SensorCollection.json:
  SensorCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ChassisCollection.json:
  ChassisCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ActionInfo.v1_1_2.json:
  ActionInfo: model
  ParameterTypes: enum
  Parameters: model
rfsf/Redfish/SoftwareInventoryCollection.json:
  SoftwareInventoryCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/USBController.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  USBController: model
rfsf/Redfish/SecureBoot.v1_1_0.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  ResetKeys: model
  ResetKeysType: enum
  SecureBoot: model
  SecureBootCurrentBootType: enum
  SecureBootModeType: enum
rfsf/Redfish/HostInterfaceCollection.json:
  HostInterfaceCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/LogEntryCollection.json:
  LogEntryCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ManagerNetworkProtocol.v1_7_0.json:
  Actions: model
  EngineId: model
  HTTPSProtocol: model
  ManagerNetworkProtocol: model
  NTPProtocol: model
  NotifyIPv6Scope: enum
  OemActions: model
  Protocol: model
  SNMPAuthenticationProtocols: enum
  SNMPCommunity: model
  SNMPCommunityAccessMode: enum
  SNMPEncryptionProtocols: enum
  SNMPProtocol: model
  SSDProtocol: model
rfsf/Redfish/Protocol.json:
  Protocol: enum
rfsf/Redfish/JobService.v1_0_4.json:
  Actions: model
  JobService: model
  JobServiceCapabilities: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/AccelerationFunctionCollection.json:
  AccelerationFunctionCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/EnvironmentMetrics.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  EnvironmentMetrics: model
  OemActions: model
  ResetMetrics: model
rfsf/Redfish/PCIeFunction.v1_3_0.json:
  Actions: model
  DeviceClass: enum
  FunctionType: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  PCIeFunction: model
rfsf/Redfish/HostInterface.v1_3_0.json:
  Actions: model
  AuthenticationMode: enum
  CredentialBootstrapping: model
  HostInterface: model
  HostInterfaceType: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/OutletGroup.v1_0_1.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  OutletGroup: model
  PowerControl: model
  ResetMetrics: model
rfsf/Redfish/MessageRegistry.v1_4_2.json:
  Actions: model
  ClearingLogic: model
  ClearingType: enum
  Message: model
  MessageProperty: model
  MessageRegistry: model
  OemActions: model
  ParamType: enum
rfsf/Redfish/JsonSchemaFileCollection.json:
  JsonSchemaFileCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/IPAddresses.v1_1_3.json:
  AddressState: enum
  IPv4Address: model
  IPv4AddressOrigin: enum
  IPv6Address: model
  IPv6AddressOrigin: enum
  IPv6GatewayStaticAddress: model
  IPv6StaticAddress: model
  PrefixLength: model
  SubnetMask: model
rfsf/Redfish/SerialInterface.v1_1_8.json:
  Actions: model
  BitRate: enum
  ConnectorType: enum
  DataBits: enum
  FlowControl: enum
  OemActions: model
  Parity: enum
  PinOut: enum
  SerialInterface: model
  SignalType: enum
  StopBits: enum
rfsf/Redfish/Signature.v1_0_2.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  Signature: model
rfsf/Redfish/ResourceBlock.v1_4_0.json:
  Actions: model
  CompositionState: enum
  CompositionStatus: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  PoolType: enum
  ResourceBlock: model
  ResourceBlockLimits: model
  ResourceBlockType: enum
rfsf/Redfish/Resource.v1_9_5.json:
  ContactInfo: model
  DurableNameFormat: enum
  Identifier: model
  Location: model
  LocationType: enum
  Orientation: enum
  PartLocation: model
  Placement: model
  PostalAddress: model
  RackUnits: enum
  Reference: enum
  ReferenceableMember: model
  Resource: model
  ResourceCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/CompositionService.v1_2_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Compose: model
  ComposeRequestFormat: enum
  ComposeRequestType: enum
  ComposeResponse: model
  CompositionService: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/Thermal.v1_7_1.json:
  Fan: model
  FanActions: model
  FanOemActions: model
  ReadingUnits: enum
  Temperature: model
  TemperatureActions: model
  TemperatureOemActions: model
  Thermal: model
  ThermalActions: model
  ThermalOemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkDeviceFunctionCollection.json:
  NetworkDeviceFunctionCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkAdapter.v1_7_0.json:
  Actions: model
  ControllerCapabilities: model
  ControllerLinks: model
  Controllers: model
  DataCenterBridging: model
  NPIV: model
  NetworkAdapter: model
  NicPartitioning: model
  OemActions: model
  ResetSettingsToDefault: model
  SRIOV: model
  VirtualFunction: model
  VirtualizationOffload: model
rfsf/Redfish/MetricDefinition.v1_2_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Calculable: enum
  CalculationAlgorithmEnum: enum
  CalculationParamsType: model
  ImplementationType: enum
  MetricDataType: enum
  MetricDefinition: model
  MetricType: enum
  OemActions: model
  Wildcard: model
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkAdapterCollection.json:
  NetworkAdapterCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ManagerAccountCollection.json:
  ManagerAccountCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/AggregationService.v1_0_1.json:
  Actions: model
  AggregationService: model
  OemActions: model
  Reset: model
  SetDefaultBootOrder: model
rfsf/Redfish/EndpointGroupCollection.json:
  EndpointGroupCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/GraphicsControllerCollection.json:
  GraphicsControllerCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ZoneCollection.json:
  ZoneCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/MetricReport.v1_4_2.json:
  Actions: model
  MetricReport: model
  MetricValue: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/AccountService.v1_9_0.json:
  AccountProviderTypes: enum
  AccountService: model
  Actions: model
  Authentication: model
  AuthenticationTypes: enum
  ExternalAccountProvider: model
  LDAPSearchSettings: model
  LDAPService: model
  LocalAccountAuth: enum
  OemActions: model
  RoleMapping: model
  TACACSplusPasswordExchangeProtocol: enum
  TACACSplusService: model
rfsf/Redfish/MemoryCollection.json:
  MemoryCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Circuit.v1_2_0.json:
  Actions: model
  BreakerControl: model
  Circuit: model
  CircuitType: enum
  CurrentSensors: model
  EnergySensors: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  PowerControl: model
  PowerSensors: model
  ResetMetrics: model
  VoltageSensors: model
  VoltageType: enum
rfsf/Redfish/MessageRegistryFileCollection.json:
  MessageRegistryFileCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/MetricReportDefinition.v1_4_1.json:
  Actions: model
  CalculationAlgorithmEnum: enum
  CollectionTimeScope: enum
  Links: model
  Metric: model
  MetricReportDefinition: model
  MetricReportDefinitionType: enum
  OemActions: model
  ReportActionsEnum: enum
  ReportUpdatesEnum: enum
  Wildcard: model
rfsf/Redfish/PortMetrics.v1_1_0.json:
  Actions: model
  GenZ: model
  Networking: model
  OemActions: model
  PortMetrics: model
  SAS: model
  Transceiver: model
rfsf/Redfish/Drive.v1_9_4.json:
  Actions: model
  Drive: model
  EncryptionAbility: enum
  EncryptionStatus: enum
  HotspareReplacementModeType: enum
  HotspareType: enum
  Links: model
  MediaType: enum
  OemActions: model
  Operations: model
  Reset: model
  SecureErase: model
  StatusIndicator: enum
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkInterface.v1_2_1.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  NetworkInterface: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/MemoryDomain.v1_3_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  MemoryDomain: model
  MemorySet: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/Redundancy.v1_4_0.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  Redundancy: model
  RedundancyMode: enum
  RedundancyType: enum
  RedundantGroup: model
rfsf/Redfish/PowerSubsystem.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  PowerAllocation: model
  PowerSubsystem: model
rfsf/Redfish/VLanNetworkInterfaceCollection.json:
  VLanNetworkInterfaceCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Port.v1_4_0.json:
  Actions: model
  ConfiguredNetworkLink: model
  EthernetProperties: model
  FiberConnectionType: enum
  FibreChannelProperties: model
  FlowControl: enum
  FunctionMaxBandwidth: model
  FunctionMinBandwidth: model
  GenZ: model
  IEEE802IdSubtype: enum
  LLDPReceive: model
  LLDPTransmit: model
  LinkConfiguration: model
  LinkNetworkTechnology: enum
  LinkState: enum
  LinkStatus: enum
  Links: model
  MediumType: enum
  OemActions: model
  Port: model
  PortConnectionType: enum
  PortMedium: enum
  PortType: enum
  Reset: model
  SFP: model
  SFPType: enum
  SupportedEthernetCapabilities: enum
rfsf/Redfish/EndpointGroup.v1_3_2.json:
  Actions: model
  EndpointGroup: model
  GroupType: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/Storage.v1_9_2.json:
  Actions: model
  CacheSummary: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  Rates: model
  SetEncryptionKey: model
  Storage: model
  StorageController: model
  StorageControllerActions: model
  StorageControllerLinks: model
  StorageControllerOemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/PCIeDeviceCollection.json:
  PCIeDeviceCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkInterfaceCollection.json:
  NetworkInterfaceCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/EthernetInterfaceCollection.json:
  EthernetInterfaceCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/CertificateLocations.v1_0_2.json:
  Actions: model
  CertificateLocations: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/ConnectionMethod.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  ConnectionMethod: model
  ConnectionMethodType: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/PortCollection.json:
  PortCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/VirtualMedia.v1_4_0.json:
  Actions: model
  ConnectedVia: enum
  EjectMedia: model
  InsertMedia: model
  MediaType: enum
  OemActions: model
  TransferMethod: enum
  TransferProtocolType: enum
  VirtualMedia: model
rfsf/Redfish/EventDestination.v1_9_2.json:
  Actions: model
  DeliveryRetryPolicy: enum
  EventDestination: model
  EventDestinationProtocol: enum
  HttpHeaderProperty: model
  OemActions: model
  ResumeSubscription: model
  SNMPAuthenticationProtocols: enum
  SNMPEncryptionProtocols: enum
  SNMPSettings: model
  SubscriptionType: enum
  SyslogFacility: enum
  SyslogFilter: model
  SyslogSeverity: enum
rfsf/Redfish/MetricReportDefinitionCollection.json:
  MetricReportDefinitionCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Aggregate.v1_0_1.json:
  Actions: model
  AddElements: model
  Aggregate: model
  OemActions: model
  RemoveElements: model
  Reset: model
  SetDefaultBootOrder: model
rfsf/Redfish/Settings.v1_3_3.json:
  ApplyTime: enum
  MaintenanceWindow: model
  OperationApplyTimeSupport: model
  PreferredApplyTime: model
  Settings: model
rfsf/Redfish/Fan.v1_1_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Fan: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/ThermalSubsystem.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  ThermalSubsystem: model
rfsf/Redfish/EventService.v1_7_1.json:
  Actions: model
  EventService: model
  OemActions: model
  SMTP: model
  SMTPAuthenticationMethods: enum
  SMTPConnectionProtocol: enum
  SSEFilterPropertiesSupported: model
  SubmitTestEvent: model
rfsf/Redfish/VCATEntryCollection.json:
  VCATEntryCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/MetricReportCollection.json:
  MetricReportCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/VCATEntry.v1_0_1.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  VCATEntry: model
  VCATableEntry: model
rfsf/Redfish/PrivilegeRegistry.v1_1_4.json:
  Actions: model
  Mapping: model
  OemActions: model
  OperationMap: model
  OperationPrivilege: model
  PrivilegeRegistry: model
  Target_PrivilegeMap: model
rfsf/Redfish/StorageControllerCollection.json:
  StorageControllerCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/RouteSetEntry.v1_0_1.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  RouteSetEntry: model
rfsf/Redfish/LogEntry.v1_9_0.json:
  Actions: model
  EventSeverity: enum
  Links: model
  LogDiagnosticDataTypes: enum
  LogEntry: model
  LogEntryCode: enum
  LogEntryType: enum
  OemActions: model
  SensorType: enum
rfsf/Redfish/RouteSetEntryCollection.json:
  RouteSetEntryCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/GraphicsController.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  GraphicsController: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/Processor.v1_9_2.json:
  Actions: model
  BaseSpeedPriorityState: enum
  EthernetInterface: model
  FPGA: model
  FpgaReconfigurationSlot: model
  FpgaType: enum
  InstructionSet: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  Processor: model
  ProcessorArchitecture: enum
  ProcessorId: model
  ProcessorInterface: model
  ProcessorMemory: model
  ProcessorMemoryType: enum
  ProcessorType: enum
  Reset: model
  SystemInterfaceType: enum
  TurboState: enum
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkDeviceFunctionMetrics.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Ethernet: model
  NetworkDeviceFunctionMetrics: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/Certificate.v1_3_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Certificate: model
  Identifier: model
  OemActions: model
  Rekey: model
  RekeyResponse: model
  Renew: model
  RenewResponse: model
rfsf/Redfish/FabricAdapterCollection.json:
  FabricAdapterCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/AddressPool.v1_1_1.json:
  ASNumberRange: model
  Actions: model
  AddressPool: model
  BFDSingleHopOnly: model
  BGPEvpn: model
  BGPNeighbor: model
  BGPRoute: model
  CommonBGPProperties: model
  DHCP: model
  EBGP: model
  ESINumberRange: model
  EVINumberRange: model
  Ethernet: model
  GenZ: model
  GracefulRestart: model
  IPv4: model
  IPv4AddressRange: model
  Links: model
  MaxPrefix: model
  MultiplePaths: model
  OemActions: model
  RouteDistinguisherRange: model
  RouteTargetRange: model
  VLANIdentifierAddressRange: model
rfsf/Redfish/StorageCollection.json:
  StorageCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/DriveCollection.json:
  DriveCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkPortCollection.json:
  NetworkPortCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/NetworkAdapterMetrics.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  NetworkAdapterMetrics: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/Manifest.v1_0_0.json:
  Expand: enum
  Manifest: model
  Request: model
  Response: model
  Stanza: model
  StanzaType: enum
rfsf/Redfish/LogService.v1_2_0.json:
  Actions: model
  ClearLog: model
  CollectDiagnosticData: model
  LogDiagnosticDataTypes: enum
  LogEntryTypes: enum
  LogService: model
  OemActions: model
  OverWritePolicy: enum
  SyslogFacility: enum
  SyslogFilter: model
  SyslogSeverity: enum
rfsf/Redfish/PCIeSlots.v1_4_1.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  PCIeLinks: model
  PCIeSlot: model
  PCIeSlots: model
  SlotTypes: enum
rfsf/Redfish/VirtualMediaCollection.json:
  VirtualMediaCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/CompositionReservation.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  CompositionReservation: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/PowerDistributionMetrics.v1_1_0.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  PowerDistributionMetrics: model
  ResetMetrics: model
rfsf/Redfish/EndpointCollection.json:
  EndpointCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/BootOptionCollection.json:
  BootOptionCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Zone.v1_6_1.json:
  Actions: model
  AddEndpoint: model
  ExternalAccessibility: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  RemoveEndpoint: model
  Zone: model
  ZoneType: enum
rfsf/Redfish/PowerEquipment.v1_0_0.json:
  Actions: model
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  PowerEquipment: model
rfsf/Redfish/MessageRegistryFile.v1_1_3.json:
  Actions: model
  Location: model
  MessageRegistryFile: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/ConnectionMethodCollection.json:
  ConnectionMethodCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/ComputerSystemCollection.json:
  ComputerSystemCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/MemoryMetrics.v1_4_1.json:
  Actions: model
  AlarmTrips: model
  ClearCurrentPeriod: model
  CurrentPeriod: model
  HealthData: model
  LifeTime: model
  MemoryMetrics: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/Connection.v1_1_0.json:
  AccessCapability: enum
  AccessState: enum
  Actions: model
  Connection: model
  ConnectionKey: model
  ConnectionType: enum
  GenZConnectionKey: model
  Links: model
  MemoryChunkInfo: model
  OemActions: model
  VolumeInfo: model
rfsf/Redfish/EthernetInterface.v1_6_4.json:
  Actions: model
  DHCPFallback: enum
  DHCPv4Configuration: model
  DHCPv6Configuration: model
  DHCPv6OperatingMode: enum
  EthernetDeviceType: enum
  EthernetInterface: model
  IPv6AddressPolicyEntry: model
  LinkStatus: enum
  Links: model
  MACAddress: model
  OemActions: model
  StatelessAddressAutoConfiguration: model
rfsf/Redfish/SwitchCollection.json:
  SwitchCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/MediaControllerCollection.json:
  MediaControllerCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Memory.v1_9_4.json:
  Actions: model
  BaseModuleType: enum
  DisablePassphrase: model
  ErrorCorrection: enum
  Links: model
  Memory: model
  MemoryClassification: enum
  MemoryDeviceType: enum
  MemoryLocation: model
  MemoryMedia: enum
  MemoryType: enum
  OemActions: model
  OperatingMemoryModes: enum
  OverwriteUnit: model
  PowerManagementPolicy: model
  RegionSet: model
  Reset: model
  SecureEraseUnit: model
  SecurityCapabilities: model
  SecurityStates: enum
  SetPassphrase: model
  UnlockUnit: model
rfsf/Redfish/MetricDefinitionCollection.json:
  MetricDefinitionCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/USBControllerCollection.json:
  USBControllerCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/PCIeDevice.v1_7_0.json:
  Actions: model
  DeviceType: enum
  Links: model
  OemActions: model
  PCIeDevice: model
  PCIeInterface: model
rfsf/Redfish/OperatingConfigCollection.json:
  OperatingConfigCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/JsonSchemaFile.v1_1_4.json:
  Actions: model
  JsonSchemaFile: model
  Location: model
  OemActions: model
rfsf/Redfish/VolumeCollection.json:
  VolumeCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/Role.v1_3_1.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  Role: model
rfsf/Redfish/Volume.v1_6_2.json:
  Actions: model
  AssignReplicaTarget: model
  ChangeRAIDLayout: model
  CheckConsistency: model
  CreateReplicaTarget: model
  ForceEnable: model
  Initialize: model
  Links: model
  NVMeNamespaceProperties: model
  NamespaceFeatures: model
  OemActions: model
  Operation: model
  RemoveReplicaRelationship: model
  ResumeReplication: model
  ReverseReplicationRelationship: model
  SplitReplication: model
  SuspendReplication: model
  Volume: model
rfsf/Redfish/UpdateService.v1_9_0.json:
  Actions: model
  ApplyTime: enum
  HttpPushUriApplyTime: model
  HttpPushUriOptions: model
  OemActions: model
  SimpleUpdate: model
  StartUpdate: model
  TransferProtocolType: enum
  UpdateParameters: model
  UpdateService: model
rfsf/Redfish/OutletGroupCollection.json:
  OutletGroupCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/MemoryDomainCollection.json:
  MemoryDomainCollection: collection
rfsf/Redfish/RouteEntry.v1_0_1.json:
  Actions: model
  OemActions: model
  RouteEntry: model
